KB Grisby: I desgined the original wireframe and created the placeholder pages to build a foundation to work off of. I created the pages and linked them together with buttons, and added some placeholder buttons, textfields, text, etc. to begin laying out the pages. I also hardcoded some audit information at the start so we could see what the app was going to look like. I spent most of my time working on the audit details page, getting the pie chart and line charts to show up and beginning to format them to prepare them to recieve the data from the API.

Riley Skief: Client Interfacer. I communicated with my partners and our client to find a time when we were all available to meet. I ensured we created (to the best of our ability) exactly what our client envisioned the app to look like and do. I was communicative and encouraged consistent work so our client could follow our progress. We held nearly biweekly meetings with our client to ensure consistent work was done and done on the right path. I started creating buttons and visuals on the main page, but with requests from group members, eventually gravitated to work on the aesthetics and organization of all the pages of our app to bring consistency. I coordinated the logo (acquired from the Federal Audit Clearinghouse website as our client suggested) colors with the app bar and font colors. I also added padding to the text to make it more readable, which was eventually paired with Jack's addition of cards to best display the information.

Jack Smith: Unit Tester. I created unit tests for major components of our application to ensure reliability and catch potential issues early in development. I implemented unit tests, focusing particularly on the audit details page and the results page. Beyond testing, I also enhanced the visual presentation of our pages by better organizization and display audit information. I implemented a sorting feature on the results page to help users better organize and find relevant audit data. I also fixed several UI bugs, including chart rendering issues and responsive design problems that occurred at different screen sizes & some other text that would not fit on the screen.

Dylan Carter: Integration Tester. I will work on making the API for the database work with the app and troubleshoot issues with it. I will talk with the people in my group so we have a shared vision for the app.

Jayden Grisby: Beta Test Organizer. I will organize the Beta Tests for the app.
